so at the start of the movie we are
shown the future
when the population was increased
and the government was worried about it
because only a small space was left to
live in the world
to solve this they were thinking that
they should visit mars
to examine the atmosphere there
can humans live there alive
they choose cockroaches to send there
because no matter it is cold or warm
or whatever the weather is cockroaches
stay alive
it was the year 2097
the cockroaches were sent to mars
the new scene that is shown in the movie
is of the year 2597.
there we see a boy and a girl
the name of the girl is nanao and the
boy was named kamichi
being scared they were running on the
road
because the police were behind them
there was blame on them for murder
a doctor holds them who works for the
government
he wasn't looking like a doctor from his
get up
well he says to nanao and kamiji
you have to do a task for me
now he says to them that the cockroaches
those were sent to mars before 500 years
you have to bring them to me
so that i can see that what changes
occur in them
and what will be its benefit
i will remove the blames on you
the police will not follow you
for this i will also give you a lot of
money
committee and nanaw agree on it
but they don't have to move to mars
immediately
they were trained for a duration of two
years
there were other people with them who
will go to mars
after some time they reach mars
going there they spread the gas that can
faint others
so that the cockroaches present on mars
get faint
but when they search here and there
the shocking thing is that they couldn't
find any cockroaches
the companion of comichi is named jim
now when jim was moving forward with his
companion
he sees a creature instead of a
cockroach
and it was standing like humans
but it seems like it is half of a
creature and half of a cockroach
it seems like there is a stone or wood
in its hand
and if they will see someone else accept
them
they will attack them
jim puts a hand on his companion's face
and asks him to keep quiet
because these creatures were not looking
innocent
nanao and kamiji were also going
together
they also see these creatures
seeing them they get scared
they stand still
but then the cockroach-like creature
runs towards them
it breaks the neck of nanaw
it comes speedily that komachi couldn't
stop it
doing this it disappears from there
don't know why it was the enemy of nanaw
not only nanao but it also seems like it
was the enemy of humans
they take nanao to a spaceship and the
doctor confirms that
the creature who attacked her was none
other than that cockroach
who were sent here 500 years ago
and it is obvious that change of
atmosphere affects everything
so why it doesn't happen to them
they evolve and turns into a huge
creature
with it they get the thinking abilities
and many powers
they know very well how to use them
the doctor tells them that there is a
way to fight with them
i have an injection that will make you
powerful
you will have the abilities for some
time
with it those cockroach creatures come
and then a man from their crew comes out
he has tied a cloth on his head
he says that inject this injection into
my body
and then he has injected the injection
and he gets the powers
the fire comes out of his hand
he kills that creature in front of him
with that fire
their roof was made of glass
a creature comes inside while breaking
that glass roof
it kills two men there
it detaches the neck of a man from his
body
it seems like this is their favorite
task
seeing this the captain gets aggressive
he also takes the injection
and he changes into a bullet ant
he has many powers
he makes the condition of the creature
worst
he cuts its body
then the cockroach army starts moving
toward their spaceship
if they will come inside the spaceship
they will kill everyone
and also will destroy the spaceship
they plan to move from there with their
spaceship
but before this the spaceship shows an
error
they couldn't do this
they think that we can go in the old
spaceship
why don't we go in it
they all move to that spaceship
but kamiji wasn't feeling good because
nana was killed
they were going while leaving her there
kamiji goes to nanaw and says to her
that i will return
i will take you from here
here we some changes in nana's body
and then they move from there
then they see a group of creatures
standing in front of them
it is difficult to defeat them
one more man takes that injection
he also turns into a dreadful creature
it was like a monster
and he has the ability to throw fire
from his mouth
he throws fire on them
they were spared from this wave
they moved forward but they didn't go at
a far distance
meanwhile their army was coming from the
front
now two girls inject the injection and
turn into creatures
they try to fight with those creatures
but this time they were failing again
and again
because those creatures were strong
their car also goes out of balance
it turns and it catches fire
it turns several times due to it it was
totally damaged
those two characters fell out of it
but the amusing thing here is that
after turning several times the car
starts again
the car was auto and it moves
automatically
then the creatures attacked the three
people who were with the doctor
the creatures were near them
they blow the head of one of them
and beats the other one with their stick
that it hit with the floor like this
those creatures kill them
a girl in the spaceship sets it to the
earth
because they don't want to stop anymore
on this planet
the cockroaches which they come to hold
have now turned into creatures
they were not in their control
before this they hear a voice of
something
when they see outside their companions
were dead
but only two dead bodies were there
don't know where the third man has gone
comedy comes in anger
commegy jim and one more girl inject
that injection
now they have the abilities
then they go to the creatures to kill
them
meanwhile we see those creatures were
about to kill the captain
but then a girl whom we think is dead
she comes out while tearing the body of
one of the creatures
and she shoots at the captain
with it she throws water at her
companion
here we come to know that they worked
secretly for the doctor
and they tell the doctor about an egg
maybe this is the egg of those creatures
meanwhile two creatures come out from
that egg
the spaceship was also ready to move to
the earth
now when they see those newly born
creatures they call other creatures
to stop this spaceship then all
creatures come there while flying
those creatures move toward them
but to fight them only kamiji jim and a
girl were left
they were not understanding that how
will they fight with them
jim hits an idea
he thinks that injecting for the first
time they have some abilities
if we will inject this injection for the
second time
we will have more abilities
obviously if we will inject it a third
time
maybe we will get all these abilities
the abilities which those cockroaches
have
it happens the same when jim takes that
injection
the third time his wings come out
this is what he wants
now he starts fighting with those
cockroaches
but they were in large numbers
and so strong that they couldn't defeat
them
then jim injects that injection for the
fourth time
after it he becomes a monster
it is obvious he has many powers
but after so long when he couldn't
defeat the creatures he gets tired
then kamichi comes in front
and he says that i will defeat those
creatures
kamiji fights with those creatures
as kamiji goes near a creature that
creature holds comeji
it was about to kill him meanwhile it
sees a glowing thing that is coming to
it while flying
attractive golden dust was falling from
it
it seems like a female fairy
hear it who is she in real
she was nanao and she has come to her
this character permanently
it means she wasn't dead at that time
she has to return kamichi becomes happy
seeing this
he was moving to nanao
but then the creature understands that
she is glowing
maybe when she will be shot it will
create a blast
and i can kill her like this
that cruel creature does the same
due to shooting the glowing nano there
was a blast
nanado again disappears
kamichi was also there and his life was
at risk
he can burn in the blast
jim lifts him and takes him from there
but kamiji was calling nanao
because he likes nanao and seeing her
die he was depressed
kamiji gets faint
the next moment when he comes to his
senses
he sees that jim is in front of him
but now he has become a creature
completely
committee says him to go from here
but jim says that no now i am a creature
of mars
it is not good for me to go to the earth
my friend
i have to stay here
and i don't want to create any problem
for anyone
you may leave i will always miss you
commegy doesn't want to do this
but he has to do this he was depressed
because his friend nana was no more and
jim also stayed here
now kamiji moves to the spaceship
their next target was earth
now we see the doctor who is telling
this story to the world
on a live telecast when the government
comes to know
that their time and money are wasted
the doctor couldn't bring anything from
there
and he failed in his mission
the government orders to kill the doctor
he has played with people's life
and he tried to trick us
now we see the assistant of the doctor
she was also aggressive with him
because the doctor was not constant
about his commitment
she was about to shoot him
but the doctor was so clever
he knew that what will happen to him in
the end
he controls that bullet and it becomes
slow
then we see a spider on that gun and a
gas comes out of it
as that girl smells that gas her
condition gets worse
she dies there
with it this movie ends
i hope you liked it